Cybersecurity Intelligence Brief

1. Suspected Chinese-Speaking Hackers Target Central Asian Governments With OctLurk and SilkLurk
Threat: Nation State | Severity: 7

(This rating considers the potential impact of the breach on sensitive information and the fact that government agencies are targeted, but the details of the hack (tool usage) and the origin of the attackers are known.)/10
A Chinese-speaking threat actor has targeted government organizations in Central Asia and Syria since January 2025. The attacks involve two new obfuscated backdoors (OctLurk and SilkLurk) and a utility (LurkProxy) that can download additional plugins for malicious actions, including command execution, file activity, and remote access. The initial access vector remains unknown, and the threat group has not been linked to a known adversary.

2. HollowFrame Loader Deploys Matryoshka Backdoor in Spear-Phishing Attack on Law Firm
Threat: Zero-Day | Severity: 6/10
Researchers revealed a Go-based loader framework called HollowFrame and a Rust-based malware family named Matryoshka. The intrusion sequence starts with spear-phishing, triggers a multi-stage chain, and leads to persistent remote command execution and Active Directory reconnaissance. HollowFrame uses a DLL side-loading pair and Matryoshka communicates with its C2 server over HTTP to deliver additional tooling, while also using a private GitHub repository to manage tasking and results.

3. Cheap Android TV Boxes Pose as Phones and Turn Owners’ Broadband Into Proxies
Threat: Vulnerability | Severity: 8/10
Research firm Bitsight discovered a malware operation, "Fuyao", affecting cheap Android TV boxes, which can mimic phone identities to click ads and relay traffic as a SOCKS5 exit node. Zhejiang Fengwo IoT Technology Co., Ltd. is suspected to be behind it. The operation affects thousands of devices, with some being certified by Google, but Google claims the affected devices are not Play Protect certified.

4. Three Recent Chrome Releases Fix 1,442 Flaws, More Than Prior 23 Updates Combined
Threat: Vulnerability | Severity: 9/10
Google fixed a record 1,072 security bugs in Chrome versions 149 and 150, surpassing prior totals combined. The company resolved 370 flaws in its latest patch for Chrome 151, with 349 reported internally. Google is experiencing an exponential surge in vulnerability discovery, partly due to large language models, and is piloting two security releases per week to keep pace.

5. Researchers Report 84 Flaws in 4G and 5G Cores, Including a Session Hijacking Flaw
Threat: Vulnerability | Severity: 8/10
Researchers from Singapore's Nanyang Technological University identified dozens of security vulnerabilities in 4G and 5G core networks, including potential denial-of-service and session hijacking attacks. The flaws, dubbed "implicit trust errors," exploit blind trust between network functions and weaknesses in interfaces, leaving them vulnerable to attack over the internet. A multi-agent system was developed to detect and analyze these vulnerabilities.


#cybersecurity #infosec #threatintel